SubmissionNumber#=%=#539
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Guess Me if You Can: Acronym Disambiguation for Enterprises
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#
NumberOfPages#=%=#10
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Yang Li
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#
Abstract#==#Acronyms are abbreviations formed from the initial components of words or
phrases. In enterprises, people often use acronyms to make communications more
efficient. However, acronyms could be difficult to understand for people who
are not familiar with the subject matter (new employees, etc.), thereby
affecting productivity. To alleviate such troubles, we study how to
automatically resolve the true meanings of acronyms in a given context. Acronym
disambiguation for enterprises is challenging for several reasons. First,
acronyms may be highly ambiguous since an acronym used in the enterprise could
have multiple internal and external meanings. Second, there are usually no
comprehensive knowledge bases such as Wikipedia available in enterprises.
Finally, the system should be generic to work for any enterprise. In this work
we propose an end-to-end framework to tackle all these challenges. The
framework takes the enterprise corpus as input and produces a high-quality
acronym disambiguation system as output. Our disambiguation models are trained
via distant supervised learning, without requiring any manually labeled
training examples. Therefore, our proposed framework can be deployed to any
enterprise to support high-quality acronym disambiguation. Experimental results
on real world data justified the effectiveness of our system.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Yang
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Li
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#ngli@google.com
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Google
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Bo
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Zhao
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#bo.zhao.uiuc@gmail.com
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Pinterest
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Ariel
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Fuxman
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#afuxman@google.com
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#Google
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Fangbo
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Tao
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#fangbo.tao@gmail.com
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#Facebook

==========