SubmissionNumber#=%=#450
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Zero-Shot Transfer Learning for Event Extraction
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#
NumberOfPages#=%=#11
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Lifu Huang
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#
Abstract#==#Most previous supervised event extraction methods have relied on features
derived from manual annotations, and thus cannot be applied to new event types
without extra annotation effort. We take a fresh look at event extraction and
model it as a generic grounding problem: mapping each event mention to a
specific type in a target event ontology. We design a transferable architecture
of structural and compositional neural networks to jointly represent and map
event mentions and types into a shared semantic space. Based on this new
framework, we can select, for each event mention, the event type which is
semantically closest in this space as its type. By leveraging manual
annotations available for a small set of existing event types, our framework
can be applied to new unseen event types without additional manual annotations.
When tested on 23 unseen event types, our zero-shot framework, without manual
annotations, achieved  performance comparable to a supervised model trained
from 3,000 sentences annotated with 500 event mentions.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Lifu
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Huang
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#warrior.fu@gmail.com
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Heng
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Ji
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#jih@rpi.edu
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Kyunghyun
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Cho
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#kyunghyun.cho@nyu.edu
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#New York University
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Ido
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Dagan
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#dagan@cs.biu.ac.il
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#Bar-Ilan University
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Sebastian
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Riedel
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#sebastian.riedel@gmail.com
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#UCL
Author{6}{Firstname}#=%=#Clare
Author{6}{Lastname}#=%=#Voss
Author{6}{Email}#=%=#clare.r.voss.civ@mail.mil
Author{6}{Affiliation}#=%=#ARL

==========